Saturday runs
okay okay and good and youtube with you
so quiet next in this video here
make a small one of braking a potential
very easy simple and how are you going to be?
installing and the translation of time me cry
ok, very fast and very simple
so long week without much
Come on, let's go, let's go.
translation is in the description of the
video beauty can download and
quiet download files on ok then
three text files and do not put the
subject to folder and nt that is in folder
translation of this folder and nt
located in here is the director of the
your game
ok let's go
thermal dmc devil may cry must the game
local demand delma game
I located here is going to folder
to cet
You see that replaces okay, I will not.
replace because mine already has already had
done before and now the second step
replacing orc came the sting file
rld that the page production by
this is rld located in here will have the
beauty director grandpa mcd touch serves
me cry baby nose windows 32 binary
at 102 we located here the team rld
You come here, it 's just a necklace that I was going to ask.
to replace you copy and replace
what he will not do because he already had
done before
beauty is done and the game is
here the menu and the subtitles in
Brazilian Portuguese
I thought it was cool because the game left.
January 25th
we are 27 and already have this translation and no
is made available on the internet then
bayfiles download store installed
all right
maybe I put my game play then the
gameplay 10 may cry or if it is for sale
and the wheel in the pc mine
I really liked this game and then say
this week I put back nine
a thousand gameplay and was not worth
any questions leave in comments
so even send a private message
ok for me by youtube
thanks line guys
we got here, thanks.